c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\readDICOMSeries.exe.config
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\readDICOMSeries.exe
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\readDICOMSeries.pdb
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.mummy.Runtime.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.xml
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.mummy.Runtime.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkCharts.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkCommon.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkFiltering.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkGenericFiltering.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkGeovis.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkGraphics.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkHybrid.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkIO.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkImaging.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkInfovis.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkParallel.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkRendering.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkViews.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkVolumeRendering.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Kitware.VTK.vtkWidgets.Unmanaged.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkCharts.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkCommon.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkFiltering.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkGenericFiltering.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkGeovis.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkGraphics.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkHybrid.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkIO.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkImaging.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkInfovis.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkParallel.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkRendering.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkViews.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkVolumeRendering.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkWidgets.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Cosmo.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\VPIC.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkalglib.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkDICOMParser.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkexoIIc.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkftgl.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkmetaio.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkNetCDF.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkNetCDF_cxx.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtksys.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkverdict.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkexpat.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkfreetype.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkjpeg.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtklibxml2.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkpng.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkproj4.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtktiff.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\vtkzlib.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\msvcm90.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\msvcp90.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\msvcr90.dll
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\obj\Debug\readDICOMSeries.Form1.resources
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\obj\Debug\readDICOMSeries.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\obj\Debug\readDICOMSeries.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\obj\Debug\readDICOMSeries.exe
c:\users\houssam\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\obj\Debug\readDICOMSeries.pdb
C:\Users\Utilisateur\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\bin\Debug\readDICOMSeries.exe.config
C:\Users\Utilisateur\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\obj\Debug\readDICOMSeries.exe
C:\Users\Utilisateur\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\readDICOMSeries\readDICOMSeries\obj\Debug\readDICOMSeries.pdb
